Update wordpress use case for summit demo (#87)
ovh/public-cloud-examples: use-cases/wordpress-k8s-mysql/README.md

## Requirements

You need the following:

> * [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) or [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) installed. In the instructions below, we are using the former. If you use the latter, you will need to update the commands accordingly !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) or [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) installed. In the instructions below, we use the first option. If you use the second, you will need to update the commands accordingly.
```

```bash
cd 01-kube

> tofu init

Reviewer: do not replace terraform CLI by opentofu CLI but instead add a note telling the users that they can use opentofu CLI if they want.
